People laughed at the clerk behind her back.
People laughed at the designer behind her back.
People laughed at the hairdresser behind her back.
People laughed at the housekeeper behind her back.
People laughed at the nanny behind her back.
People laughed at the nurse behind her back.
People laughed at the secretary behind her back.
The clerk screamed when she saw the mouse.
The designer screamed when she saw the mouse.
The hairdresser screamed when she saw the mouse.
The housekeeper screamed when she saw the mouse.
The nanny screamed when she saw the mouse.
The nurse screamed when she saw the mouse.
The secretary screamed when she saw the mouse.
That clerk chooses her words very carefully.
That designer chooses her words very carefully.
That hairdresser chooses her words very carefully.
That housekeeper chooses her words very carefully.
That nanny chooses her words very carefully.
That nurse chooses her words very carefully.
That secretary chooses her words very carefully.
That clerk is a funny gal!
That clerk is a funny woman!
That clerk is a funny lady!
That designer is a funny gal!
That designer is a funny woman!
That designer is a funny lady!
That hairdresser is a funny gal!
That hairdresser is a funny woman!
That hairdresser is a funny lady!
That housekeeper is a funny gal!
That housekeeper is a funny woman!
That housekeeper is a funny lady!
That nanny is a funny gal!
That nanny is a funny woman!
That nanny is a funny lady!
That nurse is a funny gal!
That nurse is a funny woman!
That nurse is a funny lady!
That secretary is a funny gal!
That secretary is a funny woman!
That secretary is a funny lady!
Those clerks are talented women!
Those clerks are talented ladies!
Those clerks are talented females!
Those clerks are talented gals!
Those designers are talented women!
Those designers are talented ladies!
Those designers are talented females!
Those designers are talented gals!
Those hairdressers are talented women!
Those hairdressers are talented ladies!
Those hairdressers are talented females!
Those hairdressers are talented gals!
Those housekeepers are talented women!
Those housekeepers are talented ladies!
Those housekeepers are talented females!
Those housekeepers are talented gals!
Those nannies are talented women!
Those nannies are talented ladies!
Those nannies are talented females!
Those nannies are talented gals!
Those nurses are talented women!
Those nurses are talented ladies!
Those nurses are talented females!
Those nurses are talented gals!
Those secretaries are talented women!
Those secretaries are talented ladies!
Those secretaries are talented females!
Those secretaries are talented gals!
Their clerk is a smart gal!
Their clerk is a smart woman!
Their clerk is a smart lady!
Their designer is a smart gal!
Their designer is a smart woman!
Their designer is a smart lady!
Their hairdresser is a smart gal!
Their hairdresser is a smart woman!
Their hairdresser is a smart lady!
Their housekeeper is a smart gal!
Their housekeeper is a smart woman!
Their housekeeper is a smart lady!
Their nanny is a smart gal!
Their nanny is a smart woman!
Their nanny is a smart lady!
Their nurse is a smart gal!
Their nurse is a smart woman!
Their nurse is a smart lady!
Their secretary is a smart gal!
Their secretary is a smart woman!
Their secretary is a smart lady!
The clerk is a very dynamic gal!
The clerk is a very dynamic woman!
The clerk is a very dynamic lady!
The designer is a very dynamic gal!
The designer is a very dynamic woman!
The designer is a very dynamic lady!
The hairdresser is a very dynamic gal!
The hairdresser is a very dynamic woman!
The hairdresser is a very dynamic lady!
The housekeeper is a very dynamic gal!
The housekeeper is a very dynamic woman!
The housekeeper is a very dynamic lady!
The nanny is a very dynamic gal!
The nanny is a very dynamic woman!
The nanny is a very dynamic lady!
The nurse is a very dynamic gal!
The nurse is a very dynamic woman!
The nurse is a very dynamic lady!
The secretary is a very dynamic gal!
The secretary is a very dynamic woman!
The secretary is a very dynamic lady!
The clerk is a gal with a lot of experience.
The clerk is a woman with a lot of experience.
The clerk is a lady with a lot of experience.
The designer is a gal with a lot of experience.
The designer is a woman with a lot of experience.
The designer is a lady with a lot of experience.
The hairdresser is a gal with a lot of experience.
The hairdresser is a woman with a lot of experience.
The hairdresser is a lady with a lot of experience.
The housekeeper is a gal with a lot of experience.
The housekeeper is a woman with a lot of experience.
The housekeeper is a lady with a lot of experience.
The nanny is a gal with a lot of experience.
The nanny is a woman with a lot of experience.
The nanny is a lady with a lot of experience.
The nurse is a gal with a lot of experience.
The nurse is a woman with a lot of experience.
The nurse is a lady with a lot of experience.
The secretary is a gal with a lot of experience.
The secretary is a woman with a lot of experience.
The secretary is a lady with a lot of experience.
This clerk happens to be my wife.
This clerk happens to be my mother.
This clerk happens to be my sister.
This clerk happens to be my girlfriend.
This designer happens to be my wife.
This designer happens to be my mother.
This designer happens to be my sister.
This designer happens to be my girlfriend.
This hairdresser happens to be my wife.
This hairdresser happens to be my mother.
This hairdresser happens to be my sister.
This hairdresser happens to be my girlfriend.
This housekeeper happens to be my wife.
This housekeeper happens to be my mother.
This housekeeper happens to be my sister.
This housekeeper happens to be my girlfriend.
This nanny happens to be my wife.
This nanny happens to be my mother.
This nanny happens to be my sister.
This nanny happens to be my girlfriend.
This nurse happens to be my wife.
This nurse happens to be my mother.
This nurse happens to be my sister.
This nurse happens to be my girlfriend.
This secretary happens to be my wife.
This secretary happens to be my mother.
This secretary happens to be my sister.
This secretary happens to be my girlfriend.
My wife is a clerk.
My wife is a designer.
My wife is a hairdresser.
My wife is a housekeeper.
My wife is a nanny.
My wife is a nurse.
My wife is a secretary.
My mother is a clerk.
My mother is a designer.
My mother is a hairdresser.
My mother is a housekeeper.
My mother is a nanny.
My mother is a nurse.
My mother is a secretary.
My sister is a clerk.
My sister is a designer.
My sister is a hairdresser.
My sister is a housekeeper.
My sister is a nanny.
My sister is a nurse.
My sister is a secretary.
My girlfriend is a clerk.
My girlfriend is a designer.
My girlfriend is a hairdresser.
My girlfriend is a housekeeper.
My girlfriend is a nanny.
My girlfriend is a nurse.
My girlfriend is a secretary.
His wife is a clerk.
His wife is a designer.
His wife is a hairdresser.
His wife is a housekeeper.
His wife is a nanny.
His wife is a nurse.
His wife is a secretary.
His mother is a clerk.
His mother is a designer.
His mother is a hairdresser.
His mother is a housekeeper.
His mother is a nanny.
His mother is a nurse.
His mother is a secretary.
His sister is a clerk.
His sister is a designer.
His sister is a hairdresser.
His sister is a housekeeper.
His sister is a nanny.
His sister is a nurse.
His sister is a secretary.
His girlfriend is a clerk.
His girlfriend is a designer.
His girlfriend is a hairdresser.
His girlfriend is a housekeeper.
His girlfriend is a nanny.
His girlfriend is a nurse.
His girlfriend is a secretary.
The clerk works hard and she excels!
The designer works hard and she excels!
The hairdresser works hard and she excels!
The housekeeper works hard and she excels!
The nanny works hard and she excels!
The nurse works hard and she excels!
The secretary works hard and she excels!
The clerk drove fast and she was on time.
The designer drove fast and she was on time.
The hairdresser drove fast and she was on time.
The housekeeper drove fast and she was on time.
The nanny drove fast and she was on time.
The nurse drove fast and she was on time.
The secretary drove fast and she was on time.
Alex's wife became a clerk.
Alex's wife became a designer.
Alex's wife became a hairdresser.
Alex's wife became a housekeeper.
Alex's wife became a nanny.
Alex's wife became a nurse.
Alex's wife became a secretary.
Alex's mother became a clerk.
Alex's mother became a designer.
Alex's mother became a hairdresser.
Alex's mother became a housekeeper.
Alex's mother became a nanny.
Alex's mother became a nurse.
Alex's mother became a secretary.
Alex's sister became a clerk.
Alex's sister became a designer.
Alex's sister became a hairdresser.
Alex's sister became a housekeeper.
Alex's sister became a nanny.
Alex's sister became a nurse.
Alex's sister became a secretary.
Alex's girlfriend became a clerk.
Alex's girlfriend became a designer.
Alex's girlfriend became a hairdresser.
Alex's girlfriend became a housekeeper.
Alex's girlfriend became a nanny.
Alex's girlfriend became a nurse.
Alex's girlfriend became a secretary.
My wife enjoys her work as a clerk.
My wife enjoys her work as a designer.
My wife enjoys her work as a hairdresser.
My wife enjoys her work as a housekeeper.
My wife enjoys her work as a nanny.
My wife enjoys her work as a nurse.
My wife enjoys her work as a secretary.
My mother enjoys her work as a clerk.
My mother enjoys her work as a designer.
My mother enjoys her work as a hairdresser.
My mother enjoys her work as a housekeeper.
My mother enjoys her work as a nanny.
My mother enjoys her work as a nurse.
My mother enjoys her work as a secretary.
My sister enjoys her work as a clerk.
My sister enjoys her work as a designer.
My sister enjoys her work as a hairdresser.
My sister enjoys her work as a housekeeper.
My sister enjoys her work as a nanny.
My sister enjoys her work as a nurse.
My sister enjoys her work as a secretary.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a clerk.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a designer.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a hairdresser.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a housekeeper.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a nanny.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a nurse.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a secretary.
Those women are clerks.
Those women are designers.
Those women are hairdressers.
Those women are housekeepers.
Those women are nannies.
Those women are nurses.
Those women are secretaries.
Those ladies are clerks.
Those ladies are designers.
Those ladies are hairdressers.
Those ladies are housekeepers.
Those ladies are nannies.
Those ladies are nurses.
Those ladies are secretaries.
Those females are clerks.
Those females are designers.
Those females are hairdressers.
Those females are housekeepers.
Those females are nannies.
Those females are nurses.
Those females are secretaries.
Those gals are clerks.
Those gals are designers.
Those gals are hairdressers.
Those gals are housekeepers.
Those gals are nannies.
Those gals are nurses.
Those gals are secretaries.
These women work hard as clerks.
These women work hard as designers.
These women work hard as hairdressers.
These women work hard as housekeepers.
These women work hard as nannies.
These women work hard as nurses.
These women work hard as secretaries.
These ladies work hard as clerks.
These ladies work hard as designers.
These ladies work hard as hairdressers.
These ladies work hard as housekeepers.
These ladies work hard as nannies.
These ladies work hard as nurses.
These ladies work hard as secretaries.
These females work hard as clerks.
These females work hard as designers.
These females work hard as hairdressers.
These females work hard as housekeepers.
These females work hard as nannies.
These females work hard as nurses.
These females work hard as secretaries.
These gals work hard as clerks.
These gals work hard as designers.
These gals work hard as hairdressers.
These gals work hard as housekeepers.
These gals work hard as nannies.
These gals work hard as nurses.
These gals work hard as secretaries.
As a clerk, she is very competent!
As a designer, she is very competent!
As a hairdresser, she is very competent!
As a housekeeper, she is very competent!
As a nanny, she is very competent!
As a nurse, she is very competent!
As a secretary, she is very competent!
I talked to her, she is a clerk.
I talked to her, she is a designer.
I talked to her, she is a hairdresser.
I talked to her, she is a housekeeper.
I talked to her, she is a nanny.
I talked to her, she is a nurse.
I talked to her, she is a secretary.
She works as a clerk.
She works as a designer.
She works as a hairdresser.
She works as a housekeeper.
She works as a nanny.
She works as a nurse.
She works as a secretary.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified clerk.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified designer.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified hairdresser.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified housekeeper.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified nanny.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified nurse.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified secretary.
Female clerks are rare.
Female designers are rare.
Female hairdressers are rare.
Female housekeepers are rare.
Female nannies are rare.
Female nurses are rare.
Female secretaries are rare.
Women clerks are rare.
Women designers are rare.
Women hairdressers are rare.
Women housekeepers are rare.
Women nannies are rare.
Women nurses are rare.
Women secretaries are rare.
Female clerks are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female designers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female hairdressers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female housekeepers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female nannies are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female nurses are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female secretaries are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women clerks are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women designers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women hairdressers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women housekeepers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women nannies are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women nurses are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women secretaries are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female clerks performed well.
Female designers performed well.
Female hairdressers performed well.
Female housekeepers performed well.
Female nannies performed well.
Female nurses performed well.
Female secretaries performed well.
Women clerks performed well.
Women designers performed well.
Women hairdressers performed well.
Women housekeepers performed well.
Women nannies performed well.
Women nurses performed well.
Women secretaries performed well.
When the clerk arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the designer arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the hairdresser arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the housekeeper arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the nanny arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the nurse arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the secretary arrived, everyone applauded her.
The clerks with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The clerks with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The designers with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The designers with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The hairdressers with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The hairdressers with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The housekeepers with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The housekeepers with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The nannies with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The nannies with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The nurses with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The nurses with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The secretaries with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The secretaries with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
That clerk is also my wife.
That clerk is also my mother.
That clerk is also my sister.
That clerk is also my girlfriend.
That designer is also my wife.
That designer is also my mother.
That designer is also my sister.
That designer is also my girlfriend.
That hairdresser is also my wife.
That hairdresser is also my mother.
That hairdresser is also my sister.
That hairdresser is also my girlfriend.
That housekeeper is also my wife.
That housekeeper is also my mother.
That housekeeper is also my sister.
That housekeeper is also my girlfriend.
That nanny is also my wife.
That nanny is also my mother.
That nanny is also my sister.
That nanny is also my girlfriend.
That nurse is also my wife.
That nurse is also my mother.
That nurse is also my sister.
That nurse is also my girlfriend.
That secretary is also my wife.
That secretary is also my mother.
That secretary is also my sister.
That secretary is also my girlfriend.
The clerk moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The designer moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The hairdresser moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The housekeeper moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The nanny moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The nurse moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The secretary moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
Female clerks earn less than their counterparts.
Female designers earn less than their counterparts.
Female hairdressers earn less than their counterparts.
Female housekeepers earn less than their counterparts.
Female nannies earn less than their counterparts.
Female nurses earn less than their counterparts.
Female secretaries earn less than their counterparts.
Women clerks earn less than their counterparts.
Women designers earn less than their counterparts.
Women hairdressers earn less than their counterparts.
Women housekeepers earn less than their counterparts.
Women nannies earn less than their counterparts.
Women nurses earn less than their counterparts.
Women secretaries earn less than their counterparts.
The clerk arrives early for her shift.
The designer arrives early for her shift.
The hairdresser arrives early for her shift.
The housekeeper arrives early for her shift.
The nanny arrives early for her shift.
The nurse arrives early for her shift.
The secretary arrives early for her shift.
That clerk is hella strict, watch out for her.
That designer is hella strict, watch out for her.
That hairdresser is hella strict, watch out for her.
That housekeeper is hella strict, watch out for her.
That nanny is hella strict, watch out for her.
That nurse is hella strict, watch out for her.
That secretary is hella strict, watch out for her.
That clerk retired early, good for her.
That designer retired early, good for her.
That hairdresser retired early, good for her.
That housekeeper retired early, good for her.
That nanny retired early, good for her.
That nurse retired early, good for her.
That secretary retired early, good for her.
She enjoys her work as a clerk.
She enjoys her work as a designer.
She enjoys her work as a hairdresser.
She enjoys her work as a housekeeper.
She enjoys her work as a nanny.
She enjoys her work as a nurse.
She enjoys her work as a secretary.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the clerk was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the designer was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the hairdresser was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the housekeeper was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the nanny was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the nurse was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the secretary was always respectful.
People laughed at the director behind his back.
People laughed at the engineer behind his back.
People laughed at the truck driver behind his back.
People laughed at the farmer behind his back.
People laughed at the laborer behind his back.
People laughed at the mechanic behind his back.
People laughed at the physician behind his back.
People laughed at the president behind his back.
People laughed at the plumber behind his back.
People laughed at the carpenter behind his back.
People laughed at the groundskeeper behind his back.
The director screamed when he saw the mouse.
The engineer screamed when he saw the mouse.
The truck driver screamed when he saw the mouse.
The farmer screamed when he saw the mouse.
The laborer screamed when he saw the mouse.
The mechanic screamed when he saw the mouse.
The physician screamed when he saw the mouse.
The president screamed when he saw the mouse.
The plumber screamed when he saw the mouse.
The carpenter screamed when he saw the mouse.
The groundskeeper screamed when he saw the mouse.
That director chooses him words very carefully.
That engineer chooses him words very carefully.
That truck driver chooses him words very carefully.
That farmer chooses him words very carefully.
That laborer chooses him words very carefully.
That mechanic chooses him words very carefully.
That physician chooses him words very carefully.
That president chooses him words very carefully.
That plumber chooses him words very carefully.
That carpenter chooses him words very carefully.
That groundskeeper chooses him words very carefully.
That director is a funny man!
That director is a funny guy!
That director is a funny fellow!
That engineer is a funny man!
That engineer is a funny guy!
That engineer is a funny fellow!
That truck driver is a funny man!
That truck driver is a funny guy!
That truck driver is a funny fellow!
That farmer is a funny man!
That farmer is a funny guy!
That farmer is a funny fellow!
That laborer is a funny man!
That laborer is a funny guy!
That laborer is a funny fellow!
That mechanic is a funny man!
That mechanic is a funny guy!
That mechanic is a funny fellow!
That physician is a funny man!
That physician is a funny guy!
That physician is a funny fellow!
That president is a funny man!
That president is a funny guy!
That president is a funny fellow!
That plumber is a funny man!
That plumber is a funny guy!
That plumber is a funny fellow!
That carpenter is a funny man!
That carpenter is a funny guy!
That carpenter is a funny fellow!
That groundskeeper is a funny man!
That groundskeeper is a funny guy!
That groundskeeper is a funny fellow!
Those directors are talented men!
Those directors are talented guys!
Those directors are talented males!
Those directors are talented fellows!
Those engineers are talented men!
Those engineers are talented guys!
Those engineers are talented males!
Those engineers are talented fellows!
Those truck drivers are talented men!
Those truck drivers are talented guys!
Those truck drivers are talented males!
Those truck drivers are talented fellows!
Those farmers are talented men!
Those farmers are talented guys!
Those farmers are talented males!
Those farmers are talented fellows!
Those laborers are talented men!
Those laborers are talented guys!
Those laborers are talented males!
Those laborers are talented fellows!
Those mechanics are talented men!
Those mechanics are talented guys!
Those mechanics are talented males!
Those mechanics are talented fellows!
Those physicians are talented men!
Those physicians are talented guys!
Those physicians are talented males!
Those physicians are talented fellows!
Those presidents are talented men!
Those presidents are talented guys!
Those presidents are talented males!
Those presidents are talented fellows!
Those plumbers are talented men!
Those plumbers are talented guys!
Those plumbers are talented males!
Those plumbers are talented fellows!
Those carpenters are talented men!
Those carpenters are talented guys!
Those carpenters are talented males!
Those carpenters are talented fellows!
Those groundskeepers are talented men!
Those groundskeepers are talented guys!
Those groundskeepers are talented males!
Those groundskeepers are talented fellows!
Their director is a smart man!
Their director is a smart guy!
Their director is a smart fellow!
Their engineer is a smart man!
Their engineer is a smart guy!
Their engineer is a smart fellow!
Their truck driver is a smart man!
Their truck driver is a smart guy!
Their truck driver is a smart fellow!
Their farmer is a smart man!
Their farmer is a smart guy!
Their farmer is a smart fellow!
Their laborer is a smart man!
Their laborer is a smart guy!
Their laborer is a smart fellow!
Their mechanic is a smart man!
Their mechanic is a smart guy!
Their mechanic is a smart fellow!
Their physician is a smart man!
Their physician is a smart guy!
Their physician is a smart fellow!
Their president is a smart man!
Their president is a smart guy!
Their president is a smart fellow!
Their plumber is a smart man!
Their plumber is a smart guy!
Their plumber is a smart fellow!
Their carpenter is a smart man!
Their carpenter is a smart guy!
Their carpenter is a smart fellow!
Their groundskeeper is a smart man!
Their groundskeeper is a smart guy!
Their groundskeeper is a smart fellow!
The director is a very dynamic man!
The director is a very dynamic guy!
The director is a very dynamic fellow!
The engineer is a very dynamic man!
The engineer is a very dynamic guy!
The engineer is a very dynamic fellow!
The truck driver is a very dynamic man!
The truck driver is a very dynamic guy!
The truck driver is a very dynamic fellow!
The farmer is a very dynamic man!
The farmer is a very dynamic guy!
The farmer is a very dynamic fellow!
The laborer is a very dynamic man!
The laborer is a very dynamic guy!
The laborer is a very dynamic fellow!
The mechanic is a very dynamic man!
The mechanic is a very dynamic guy!
The mechanic is a very dynamic fellow!
The physician is a very dynamic man!
The physician is a very dynamic guy!
The physician is a very dynamic fellow!
The president is a very dynamic man!
The president is a very dynamic guy!
The president is a very dynamic fellow!
The plumber is a very dynamic man!
The plumber is a very dynamic guy!
The plumber is a very dynamic fellow!
The carpenter is a very dynamic man!
The carpenter is a very dynamic guy!
The carpenter is a very dynamic fellow!
The groundskeeper is a very dynamic man!
The groundskeeper is a very dynamic guy!
The groundskeeper is a very dynamic fellow!
The director is a man with a lot of experience.
The director is a guy with a lot of experience.
The director is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The engineer is a man with a lot of experience.
The engineer is a guy with a lot of experience.
The engineer is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The truck driver is a man with a lot of experience.
The truck driver is a guy with a lot of experience.
The truck driver is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The farmer is a man with a lot of experience.
The farmer is a guy with a lot of experience.
The farmer is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The laborer is a man with a lot of experience.
The laborer is a guy with a lot of experience.
The laborer is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The mechanic is a man with a lot of experience.
The mechanic is a guy with a lot of experience.
The mechanic is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The physician is a man with a lot of experience.
The physician is a guy with a lot of experience.
The physician is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The president is a man with a lot of experience.
The president is a guy with a lot of experience.
The president is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The plumber is a man with a lot of experience.
The plumber is a guy with a lot of experience.
The plumber is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The carpenter is a man with a lot of experience.
The carpenter is a guy with a lot of experience.
The carpenter is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The groundskeeper is a man with a lot of experience.
The groundskeeper is a guy with a lot of experience.
The groundskeeper is a fellow with a lot of experience.
This director happens to be my husband.
This director happens to be my father.
This director happens to be my brother.
This director happens to be my boyfriend.
This engineer happens to be my husband.
This engineer happens to be my father.
This engineer happens to be my brother.
This engineer happens to be my boyfriend.
This truck driver happens to be my husband.
This truck driver happens to be my father.
This truck driver happens to be my brother.
This truck driver happens to be my boyfriend.
This farmer happens to be my husband.
This farmer happens to be my father.
This farmer happens to be my brother.
This farmer happens to be my boyfriend.
This laborer happens to be my husband.
This laborer happens to be my father.
This laborer happens to be my brother.
This laborer happens to be my boyfriend.
This mechanic happens to be my husband.
This mechanic happens to be my father.
This mechanic happens to be my brother.
This mechanic happens to be my boyfriend.
This physician happens to be my husband.
This physician happens to be my father.
This physician happens to be my brother.
This physician happens to be my boyfriend.
This president happens to be my husband.
This president happens to be my father.
This president happens to be my brother.
This president happens to be my boyfriend.
This plumber happens to be my husband.
This plumber happens to be my father.
This plumber happens to be my brother.
This plumber happens to be my boyfriend.
This carpenter happens to be my husband.
This carpenter happens to be my father.
This carpenter happens to be my brother.
This carpenter happens to be my boyfriend.
This groundskeeper happens to be my husband.
This groundskeeper happens to be my father.
This groundskeeper happens to be my brother.
This groundskeeper happens to be my boyfriend.
My husband is a director.
My husband is a truck driver.
My husband is a farmer.
My husband is a laborer.
My husband is a mechanic.
My husband is a physician.
My husband is a president.
My husband is a plumber.
My husband is a carpenter.
My husband is a groundskeeper.
My father is a director.
My father is a truck driver.
My father is a farmer.
My father is a laborer.
My father is a mechanic.
My father is a physician.
My father is a president.
My father is a plumber.
My father is a carpenter.
My father is a groundskeeper.
My brother is a director.
My brother is a truck driver.
My brother is a farmer.
My brother is a laborer.
My brother is a mechanic.
My brother is a physician.
My brother is a president.
My brother is a plumber.
My brother is a carpenter.
My brother is a groundskeeper.
My boyfriend is a director.
My boyfriend is a truck driver.
My boyfriend is a farmer.
My boyfriend is a laborer.
My boyfriend is a mechanic.
My boyfriend is a physician.
My boyfriend is a president.
My boyfriend is a plumber.
My boyfriend is a carpenter.
My boyfriend is a groundskeeper.
My husband is an engineer.
My father is an engineer.
My brother is an engineer.
My boyfriend is an engineer.
His husband is a director.
His husband is a truck driver.
His husband is a farmer.
His husband is a laborer.
His husband is a mechanic.
His husband is a physician.
His husband is a president.
His husband is a plumber.
His husband is a carpenter.
His husband is a groundskeeper.
His father is a director.
His father is a truck driver.
His father is a farmer.
His father is a laborer.
His father is a mechanic.
His father is a physician.
His father is a president.
His father is a plumber.
His father is a carpenter.
His father is a groundskeeper.
His brother is a director.
His brother is a truck driver.
His brother is a farmer.
His brother is a laborer.
His brother is a mechanic.
His brother is a physician.
His brother is a president.
His brother is a plumber.
His brother is a carpenter.
His brother is a groundskeeper.
His boyfriend is a director.
His boyfriend is a truck driver.
His boyfriend is a farmer.
His boyfriend is a laborer.
His boyfriend is a mechanic.
His boyfriend is a physician.
His boyfriend is a president.
His boyfriend is a plumber.
His boyfriend is a carpenter.
His boyfriend is a groundskeeper.
His husband is an engineer.
His father is an engineer.
His brother is an engineer.
His boyfriend is an engineer.
The director works hard and he excels!
The engineer works hard and he excels!
The truck driver works hard and he excels!
The farmer works hard and he excels!
The laborer works hard and he excels!
The mechanic works hard and he excels!
The physician works hard and he excels!
The president works hard and he excels!
The plumber works hard and he excels!
The carpenter works hard and he excels!
The groundskeeper works hard and he excels!
The director drove fast and he was on time.
The engineer drove fast and he was on time.
The truck driver drove fast and he was on time.
The farmer drove fast and he was on time.
The laborer drove fast and he was on time.
The mechanic drove fast and he was on time.
The physician drove fast and he was on time.
The president drove fast and he was on time.
The plumber drove fast and he was on time.
The carpenter drove fast and he was on time.
The groundskeeper drove fast and he was on time.
Alex's husband became a director.
Alex's husband became a truck driver.
Alex's husband became a farmer.
Alex's husband became a laborer.
Alex's husband became a mechanic.
Alex's husband became a physician.
Alex's husband became a president.
Alex's husband became a plumber.
Alex's husband became a carpenter.
Alex's husband became a groundskeeper.
Alex's father became a director.
Alex's father became a truck driver.
Alex's father became a farmer.
Alex's father became a laborer.
Alex's father became a mechanic.
Alex's father became a physician.
Alex's father became a president.
Alex's father became a plumber.
Alex's father became a carpenter.
Alex's father became a groundskeeper.
Alex's brother became a director.
Alex's brother became a truck driver.
Alex's brother became a farmer.
Alex's brother became a laborer.
Alex's brother became a mechanic.
Alex's brother became a physician.
Alex's brother became a president.
Alex's brother became a plumber.
Alex's brother became a carpenter.
Alex's brother became a groundskeeper.
Alex's boyfriend became a director.
Alex's boyfriend became a truck driver.
Alex's boyfriend became a farmer.
Alex's boyfriend became a laborer.
Alex's boyfriend became a mechanic.
Alex's boyfriend became a physician.
Alex's boyfriend became a president.
Alex's boyfriend became a plumber.
Alex's boyfriend became a carpenter.
Alex's boyfriend became a groundskeeper.
Alex's husband became an engineer.
Alex's father became an engineer.
Alex's brother became an engineer.
Alex's boyfriend became an engineer.
My husband enjoys his work as a director.
My husband enjoys his work as a truck driver.
My husband enjoys his work as a farmer.
My husband enjoys his work as a laborer.
My husband enjoys his work as a mechanic.
My husband enjoys his work as a physician.
My husband enjoys his work as a president.
My husband enjoys his work as a plumber.
My husband enjoys his work as a carpenter.
My husband enjoys his work as a groundskeeper.
My father enjoys his work as a director.
My father enjoys his work as a truck driver.
My father enjoys his work as a farmer.
My father enjoys his work as a laborer.
My father enjoys his work as a mechanic.
My father enjoys his work as a physician.
My father enjoys his work as a president.
My father enjoys his work as a plumber.
My father enjoys his work as a carpenter.
My father enjoys his work as a groundskeeper.
My brother enjoys his work as a director.
My brother enjoys his work as a truck driver.
My brother enjoys his work as a farmer.
My brother enjoys his work as a laborer.
My brother enjoys his work as a mechanic.
My brother enjoys his work as a physician.
My brother enjoys his work as a president.
My brother enjoys his work as a plumber.
My brother enjoys his work as a carpenter.
My brother enjoys his work as a groundskeeper.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a director.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a truck driver.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a farmer.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a laborer.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a mechanic.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a physician.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a president.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a plumber.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a carpenter.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a groundskeeper.
My husband enjoys his work as an engineer.
My father enjoys his work as an engineer.
My brother enjoys his work as an engineer.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as an engineer.
Those men are directors.
Those men are engineers.
Those men are truck drivers.
Those men are farmers.
Those men are laborers.
Those men are mechanics.
Those men are physicians.
Those men are presidents.
Those men are plumbers.
Those men are carpenters.
Those men are groundskeepers.
Those guys are directors.
Those guys are engineers.
Those guys are truck drivers.
Those guys are farmers.
Those guys are laborers.
Those guys are mechanics.
Those guys are physicians.
Those guys are presidents.
Those guys are plumbers.
Those guys are carpenters.
Those guys are groundskeepers.
Those males are directors.
Those males are engineers.
Those males are truck drivers.
Those males are farmers.
Those males are laborers.
Those males are mechanics.
Those males are physicians.
Those males are presidents.
Those males are plumbers.
Those males are carpenters.
Those males are groundskeepers.
Those fellows are directors.
Those fellows are engineers.
Those fellows are truck drivers.
Those fellows are farmers.
Those fellows are laborers.
Those fellows are mechanics.
Those fellows are physicians.
Those fellows are presidents.
Those fellows are plumbers.
Those fellows are carpenters.
Those fellows are groundskeepers.
These men work hard as directors.
These men work hard as engineers.
These men work hard as truck drivers.
These men work hard as farmers.
These men work hard as laborers.
These men work hard as mechanics.
These men work hard as physicians.
These men work hard as presidents.
These men work hard as plumbers.
These men work hard as carpenters.
These men work hard as groundskeepers.
These guys work hard as directors.
These guys work hard as engineers.
These guys work hard as truck drivers.
These guys work hard as farmers.
These guys work hard as laborers.
These guys work hard as mechanics.
These guys work hard as physicians.
These guys work hard as presidents.
These guys work hard as plumbers.
These guys work hard as carpenters.
These guys work hard as groundskeepers.
These males work hard as directors.
These males work hard as engineers.
These males work hard as truck drivers.
These males work hard as farmers.
These males work hard as laborers.
These males work hard as mechanics.
These males work hard as physicians.
These males work hard as presidents.
These males work hard as plumbers.
These males work hard as carpenters.
These males work hard as groundskeepers.
These fellows work hard as directors.
These fellows work hard as engineers.
These fellows work hard as truck drivers.
These fellows work hard as farmers.
These fellows work hard as laborers.
These fellows work hard as mechanics.
These fellows work hard as physicians.
These fellows work hard as presidents.
These fellows work hard as plumbers.
These fellows work hard as carpenters.
These fellows work hard as groundskeepers.
As a director, he is very competent.
As a truck driver, he is very competent.
As a farmer, he is very competent.
As a laborer, he is very competent.
As a mechanic, he is very competent.
As a physician, he is very competent.
As a president, he is very competent.
As a plumber, he is very competent.
As a carpenter, he is very competent.
As a groundskeeper, he is very competent.
As an engineer, he is very competent.
I talked to him, he is a director.
I talked to him, he is a truck driver.
I talked to him, he is a farmer.
I talked to him, he is a laborer.
I talked to him, he is a mechanic.
I talked to him, he is a physician.
I talked to him, he is a president.
I talked to him, he is a plumber.
I talked to him, he is a carpenter.
I talked to him, he is a groundskeeper.
I talked to him, he is an engineer.
He works as a director.
He works as a truck driver.
He works as a farmer.
He works as a laborer.
He works as a mechanic.
He works as a physician.
He works as a president.
He works as a plumber.
He works as a carpenter.
He works as a groundskeeper.
He works as an engineer.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified director.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified engineer.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified truck driver.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified farmer.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified laborer.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified mechanic.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified physician.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified president.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified plumber.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified carpenter.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified groundskeeper.
Male directors are rare.
Male engineers are rare.
Male truck drivers are rare.
Male farmers are rare.
Male laborers are rare.
Male mechanics are rare.
Male physicians are rare.
Male presidents are rare.
Male plumbers are rare.
Male carpenters are rare.
Male groundskeepers are rare.
Men directors are rare.
Men engineers are rare.
Men truck drivers are rare.
Men farmers are rare.
Men laborers are rare.
Men mechanics are rare.
Men physicians are rare.
Men presidents are rare.
Men plumbers are rare.
Men carpenters are rare.
Men groundskeepers are rare.
Male directors are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male engineers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male truck drivers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male farmers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male laborers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male mechanics are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male physicians are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male presidents are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male plumbers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male carpenters are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male groundskeepers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men directors are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men engineers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men truck drivers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men farmers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men laborers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men mechanics are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men physicians are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men presidents are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men plumbers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men carpenters are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men groundskeepers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male directors performed well.
Male engineers performed well.
Male truck drivers performed well.
Male farmers performed well.
Male laborers performed well.
Male mechanics performed well.
Male physicians performed well.
Male presidents performed well.
Male plumbers performed well.
Male carpenters performed well.
Male groundskeepers performed well.
Men directors performed well.
Men engineers performed well.
Men truck drivers performed well.
Men farmers performed well.
Men laborers performed well.
Men mechanics performed well.
Men physicians performed well.
Men presidents performed well.
Men plumbers performed well.
Men carpenters performed well.
Men groundskeepers performed well.
When the director arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the engineer arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the truck driver arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the farmer arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the laborer arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the mechanic arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the physician arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the president arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the plumber arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the carpenter arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the groundskeeper arrived, everyone applauded him.
The directors with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The directors with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The engineers with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The engineers with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The truck drivers with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The truck drivers with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The farmers with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The farmers with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The laborers with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The laborers with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The mechanics with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The mechanics with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The physicians with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The physicians with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The presidents with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The presidents with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The plumbers with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The plumbers with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The carpenters with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The carpenters with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The groundskeepers with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The groundskeepers with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
That director is also my husband.
That director is also my father.
That director is also my brother.
That director is also my boyfriend.
That engineer is also my husband.
That engineer is also my father.
That engineer is also my brother.
That engineer is also my boyfriend.
That truck driver is also my husband.
That truck driver is also my father.
That truck driver is also my brother.
That truck driver is also my boyfriend.
That farmer is also my husband.
That farmer is also my father.
That farmer is also my brother.
That farmer is also my boyfriend.
That laborer is also my husband.
That laborer is also my father.
That laborer is also my brother.
That laborer is also my boyfriend.
That mechanic is also my husband.
That mechanic is also my father.
That mechanic is also my brother.
That mechanic is also my boyfriend.
That physician is also my husband.
That physician is also my father.
That physician is also my brother.
That physician is also my boyfriend.
That president is also my husband.
That president is also my father.
That president is also my brother.
That president is also my boyfriend.
That plumber is also my husband.
That plumber is also my father.
That plumber is also my brother.
That plumber is also my boyfriend.
That carpenter is also my husband.
That carpenter is also my father.
That carpenter is also my brother.
That carpenter is also my boyfriend.
That groundskeeper is also my husband.
That groundskeeper is also my father.
That groundskeeper is also my brother.
That groundskeeper is also my boyfriend.
The director moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The engineer moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The truck driver moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The farmer moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The laborer moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The mechanic moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The physician moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The president moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The plumber moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The carpenter moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The groundskeeper moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
Male directors earn less than their counterparts.
Male engineers earn less than their counterparts.
Male truck drivers earn less than their counterparts.
Male farmers earn less than their counterparts.
Male laborers earn less than their counterparts.
Male mechanics earn less than their counterparts.
Male physicians earn less than their counterparts.
Male presidents earn less than their counterparts.
Male plumbers earn less than their counterparts.
Male carpenters earn less than their counterparts.
Male groundskeepers earn less than their counterparts.
Men directors earn less than their counterparts.
Men engineers earn less than their counterparts.
Men truck drivers earn less than their counterparts.
Men farmers earn less than their counterparts.
Men laborers earn less than their counterparts.
Men mechanics earn less than their counterparts.
Men physicians earn less than their counterparts.
Men presidents earn less than their counterparts.
Men plumbers earn less than their counterparts.
Men carpenters earn less than their counterparts.
Men groundskeepers earn less than their counterparts.
The director arrives early for his shift.
The engineer arrives early for his shift.
The truck driver arrives early for his shift.
The farmer arrives early for his shift.
The laborer arrives early for his shift.
The mechanic arrives early for his shift.
The physician arrives early for his shift.
The president arrives early for his shift.
The plumber arrives early for his shift.
The carpenter arrives early for his shift.
The groundskeeper arrives early for his shift.
That director is hella strict, watch out for him.
That engineer is hella strict, watch out for him.
That truck driver is hella strict, watch out for him.
That farmer is hella strict, watch out for him.
That laborer is hella strict, watch out for him.
That mechanic is hella strict, watch out for him.
That physician is hella strict, watch out for him.
That president is hella strict, watch out for him.
That plumber is hella strict, watch out for him.
That carpenter is hella strict, watch out for him.
That groundskeeper is hella strict, watch out for him.
That director retired early, good for him.
That engineer retired early, good for him.
That truck driver retired early, good for him.
That farmer retired early, good for him.
That laborer retired early, good for him.
That mechanic retired early, good for him.
That physician retired early, good for him.
That president retired early, good for him.
That plumber retired early, good for him.
That carpenter retired early, good for him.
That groundskeeper retired early, good for him.
He enjoys his work as a director.
He enjoys his work as a truck driver.
He enjoys his work as a farmer.
He enjoys his work as a laborer.
He enjoys his work as a mechanic.
He enjoys his work as a physician.
He enjoys his work as a president.
He enjoys his work as a plumber.
He enjoys his work as a carpenter.
He enjoys his work as a groundskeeper.
He enjoys his work as an engineer.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the director was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the engineer was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the truck driver was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the farmer was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the laborer was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the mechanic was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the physician was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the president was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the plumber was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the carpenter was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the groundskeeper was always respectful.
People laughed at the clerk behind his back.
People laughed at the designer behind his back.
People laughed at the hairdresser behind his back.
People laughed at the housekeeper behind his back.
People laughed at the nanny behind his back.
People laughed at the nurse behind his back.
People laughed at the secretary behind his back.
The clerk screamed when he saw the mouse.
The designer screamed when he saw the mouse.
The hairdresser screamed when he saw the mouse.
The housekeeper screamed when he saw the mouse.
The nanny screamed when he saw the mouse.
The nurse screamed when he saw the mouse.
The secretary screamed when he saw the mouse.
That clerk chooses him words very carefully.
That designer chooses him words very carefully.
That hairdresser chooses him words very carefully.
That housekeeper chooses him words very carefully.
That nanny chooses him words very carefully.
That nurse chooses him words very carefully.
That secretary chooses him words very carefully.
That clerk is a funny man!
That clerk is a funny guy!
That clerk is a funny fellow!
That designer is a funny man!
That designer is a funny guy!
That designer is a funny fellow!
That hairdresser is a funny man!
That hairdresser is a funny guy!
That hairdresser is a funny fellow!
That housekeeper is a funny man!
That housekeeper is a funny guy!
That housekeeper is a funny fellow!
That nanny is a funny man!
That nanny is a funny guy!
That nanny is a funny fellow!
That nurse is a funny man!
That nurse is a funny guy!
That nurse is a funny fellow!
That secretary is a funny man!
That secretary is a funny guy!
That secretary is a funny fellow!
Those clerks are talented men!
Those clerks are talented guys!
Those clerks are talented males!
Those clerks are talented fellows!
Those designers are talented men!
Those designers are talented guys!
Those designers are talented males!
Those designers are talented fellows!
Those hairdressers are talented men!
Those hairdressers are talented guys!
Those hairdressers are talented males!
Those hairdressers are talented fellows!
Those housekeepers are talented men!
Those housekeepers are talented guys!
Those housekeepers are talented males!
Those housekeepers are talented fellows!
Those nannies are talented men!
Those nannies are talented guys!
Those nannies are talented males!
Those nannies are talented fellows!
Those nurses are talented men!
Those nurses are talented guys!
Those nurses are talented males!
Those nurses are talented fellows!
Those secretaries are talented men!
Those secretaries are talented guys!
Those secretaries are talented males!
Those secretaries are talented fellows!
Their clerk is a smart man!
Their clerk is a smart guy!
Their clerk is a smart fellow!
Their designer is a smart man!
Their designer is a smart guy!
Their designer is a smart fellow!
Their hairdresser is a smart man!
Their hairdresser is a smart guy!
Their hairdresser is a smart fellow!
Their housekeeper is a smart man!
Their housekeeper is a smart guy!
Their housekeeper is a smart fellow!
Their nanny is a smart man!
Their nanny is a smart guy!
Their nanny is a smart fellow!
Their nurse is a smart man!
Their nurse is a smart guy!
Their nurse is a smart fellow!
Their secretary is a smart man!
Their secretary is a smart guy!
Their secretary is a smart fellow!
The clerk is a very dynamic man!
The clerk is a very dynamic guy!
The clerk is a very dynamic fellow!
The designer is a very dynamic man!
The designer is a very dynamic guy!
The designer is a very dynamic fellow!
The hairdresser is a very dynamic man!
The hairdresser is a very dynamic guy!
The hairdresser is a very dynamic fellow!
The housekeeper is a very dynamic man!
The housekeeper is a very dynamic guy!
The housekeeper is a very dynamic fellow!
The nanny is a very dynamic man!
The nanny is a very dynamic guy!
The nanny is a very dynamic fellow!
The nurse is a very dynamic man!
The nurse is a very dynamic guy!
The nurse is a very dynamic fellow!
The secretary is a very dynamic man!
The secretary is a very dynamic guy!
The secretary is a very dynamic fellow!
The clerk is a man with a lot of experience.
The clerk is a guy with a lot of experience.
The clerk is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The designer is a man with a lot of experience.
The designer is a guy with a lot of experience.
The designer is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The hairdresser is a man with a lot of experience.
The hairdresser is a guy with a lot of experience.
The hairdresser is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The housekeeper is a man with a lot of experience.
The housekeeper is a guy with a lot of experience.
The housekeeper is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The nanny is a man with a lot of experience.
The nanny is a guy with a lot of experience.
The nanny is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The nurse is a man with a lot of experience.
The nurse is a guy with a lot of experience.
The nurse is a fellow with a lot of experience.
The secretary is a man with a lot of experience.
The secretary is a guy with a lot of experience.
The secretary is a fellow with a lot of experience.
This clerk happens to be my husband.
This clerk happens to be my father.
This clerk happens to be my brother.
This clerk happens to be my boyfriend.
This designer happens to be my husband.
This designer happens to be my father.
This designer happens to be my brother.
This designer happens to be my boyfriend.
This hairdresser happens to be my husband.
This hairdresser happens to be my father.
This hairdresser happens to be my brother.
This hairdresser happens to be my boyfriend.
This housekeeper happens to be my husband.
This housekeeper happens to be my father.
This housekeeper happens to be my brother.
This housekeeper happens to be my boyfriend.
This nanny happens to be my husband.
This nanny happens to be my father.
This nanny happens to be my brother.
This nanny happens to be my boyfriend.
This nurse happens to be my husband.
This nurse happens to be my father.
This nurse happens to be my brother.
This nurse happens to be my boyfriend.
This secretary happens to be my husband.
This secretary happens to be my father.
This secretary happens to be my brother.
This secretary happens to be my boyfriend.
My husband is a clerk.
My husband is a designer.
My husband is a hairdresser.
My husband is a housekeeper.
My husband is a nanny.
My husband is a nurse.
My husband is a secretary.
My father is a clerk.
My father is a designer.
My father is a hairdresser.
My father is a housekeeper.
My father is a nanny.
My father is a nurse.
My father is a secretary.
My brother is a clerk.
My brother is a designer.
My brother is a hairdresser.
My brother is a housekeeper.
My brother is a nanny.
My brother is a nurse.
My brother is a secretary.
My boyfriend is a clerk.
My boyfriend is a designer.
My boyfriend is a hairdresser.
My boyfriend is a housekeeper.
My boyfriend is a nanny.
My boyfriend is a nurse.
My boyfriend is a secretary.
His husband is a clerk.
His husband is a designer.
His husband is a hairdresser.
His husband is a housekeeper.
His husband is a nanny.
His husband is a nurse.
His husband is a secretary.
His father is a clerk.
His father is a designer.
His father is a hairdresser.
His father is a housekeeper.
His father is a nanny.
His father is a nurse.
His father is a secretary.
His brother is a clerk.
His brother is a designer.
His brother is a hairdresser.
His brother is a housekeeper.
His brother is a nanny.
His brother is a nurse.
His brother is a secretary.
His boyfriend is a clerk.
His boyfriend is a designer.
His boyfriend is a hairdresser.
His boyfriend is a housekeeper.
His boyfriend is a nanny.
His boyfriend is a nurse.
His boyfriend is a secretary.
The clerk works hard and he excels!
The designer works hard and he excels!
The hairdresser works hard and he excels!
The housekeeper works hard and he excels!
The nanny works hard and he excels!
The nurse works hard and he excels!
The secretary works hard and he excels!
The clerk drove fast and he was on time.
The designer drove fast and he was on time.
The hairdresser drove fast and he was on time.
The housekeeper drove fast and he was on time.
The nanny drove fast and he was on time.
The nurse drove fast and he was on time.
The secretary drove fast and he was on time.
Alex's husband became a clerk.
Alex's husband became a designer.
Alex's husband became a hairdresser.
Alex's husband became a housekeeper.
Alex's husband became a nanny.
Alex's husband became a nurse.
Alex's husband became a secretary.
Alex's father became a clerk.
Alex's father became a designer.
Alex's father became a hairdresser.
Alex's father became a housekeeper.
Alex's father became a nanny.
Alex's father became a nurse.
Alex's father became a secretary.
Alex's brother became a clerk.
Alex's brother became a designer.
Alex's brother became a hairdresser.
Alex's brother became a housekeeper.
Alex's brother became a nanny.
Alex's brother became a nurse.
Alex's brother became a secretary.
Alex's boyfriend became a clerk.
Alex's boyfriend became a designer.
Alex's boyfriend became a hairdresser.
Alex's boyfriend became a housekeeper.
Alex's boyfriend became a nanny.
Alex's boyfriend became a nurse.
Alex's boyfriend became a secretary.
My husband enjoys his work as a clerk.
My husband enjoys his work as a designer.
My husband enjoys his work as a hairdresser.
My husband enjoys his work as a housekeeper.
My husband enjoys his work as a nanny.
My husband enjoys his work as a nurse.
My husband enjoys his work as a secretary.
My father enjoys his work as a clerk.
My father enjoys his work as a designer.
My father enjoys his work as a hairdresser.
My father enjoys his work as a housekeeper.
My father enjoys his work as a nanny.
My father enjoys his work as a nurse.
My father enjoys his work as a secretary.
My brother enjoys his work as a clerk.
My brother enjoys his work as a designer.
My brother enjoys his work as a hairdresser.
My brother enjoys his work as a housekeeper.
My brother enjoys his work as a nanny.
My brother enjoys his work as a nurse.
My brother enjoys his work as a secretary.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a clerk.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a designer.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a hairdresser.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a housekeeper.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a nanny.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a nurse.
My boyfriend enjoys his work as a secretary.
Those men are clerks.
Those men are designers.
Those men are hairdressers.
Those men are housekeepers.
Those men are nannies.
Those men are nurses.
Those men are secretaries.
Those guys are clerks.
Those guys are designers.
Those guys are hairdressers.
Those guys are housekeepers.
Those guys are nannies.
Those guys are nurses.
Those guys are secretaries.
Those males are clerks.
Those males are designers.
Those males are hairdressers.
Those males are housekeepers.
Those males are nannies.
Those males are nurses.
Those males are secretaries.
Those fellows are clerks.
Those fellows are designers.
Those fellows are hairdressers.
Those fellows are housekeepers.
Those fellows are nannies.
Those fellows are nurses.
Those fellows are secretaries.
These men work hard as clerks.
These men work hard as designers.
These men work hard as hairdressers.
These men work hard as housekeepers.
These men work hard as nannies.
These men work hard as nurses.
These men work hard as secretaries.
These guys work hard as clerks.
These guys work hard as designers.
These guys work hard as hairdressers.
These guys work hard as housekeepers.
These guys work hard as nannies.
These guys work hard as nurses.
These guys work hard as secretaries.
These males work hard as clerks.
These males work hard as designers.
These males work hard as hairdressers.
These males work hard as housekeepers.
These males work hard as nannies.
These males work hard as nurses.
These males work hard as secretaries.
These fellows work hard as clerks.
These fellows work hard as designers.
These fellows work hard as hairdressers.
These fellows work hard as housekeepers.
These fellows work hard as nannies.
These fellows work hard as nurses.
These fellows work hard as secretaries.
As a clerk, he is very competent.
As a designer, he is very competent.
As a hairdresser, he is very competent.
As a housekeeper, he is very competent.
As a nanny, he is very competent.
As a nurse, he is very competent.
As a secretary, he is very competent.
I talked to him, he is a clerk.
I talked to him, he is a designer.
I talked to him, he is a hairdresser.
I talked to him, he is a housekeeper.
I talked to him, he is a nanny.
I talked to him, he is a nurse.
I talked to him, he is a secretary.
He works as a clerk.
He works as a designer.
He works as a hairdresser.
He works as a housekeeper.
He works as a nanny.
He works as a nurse.
He works as a secretary.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified clerk.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified designer.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified hairdresser.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified housekeeper.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified nanny.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified nurse.
I worked with him, he is a very qualified secretary.
Male clerks are rare.
Male designers are rare.
Male hairdressers are rare.
Male housekeepers are rare.
Male nannies are rare.
Male nurses are rare.
Male secretaries are rare.
Men clerks are rare.
Men designers are rare.
Men hairdressers are rare.
Men housekeepers are rare.
Men nannies are rare.
Men nurses are rare.
Men secretaries are rare.
Male clerks are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male designers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male hairdressers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male housekeepers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male nannies are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male nurses are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male secretaries are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men clerks are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men designers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men hairdressers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men housekeepers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men nannies are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men nurses are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Men secretaries are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Male clerks performed well.
Male designers performed well.
Male hairdressers performed well.
Male housekeepers performed well.
Male nannies performed well.
Male nurses performed well.
Male secretaries performed well.
Men clerks performed well.
Men designers performed well.
Men hairdressers performed well.
Men housekeepers performed well.
Men nannies performed well.
Men nurses performed well.
Men secretaries performed well.
When the clerk arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the designer arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the hairdresser arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the housekeeper arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the nanny arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the nurse arrived, everyone applauded him.
When the secretary arrived, everyone applauded him.
The clerks with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The clerks with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The designers with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The designers with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The hairdressers with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The hairdressers with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The housekeepers with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The housekeepers with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The nannies with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The nannies with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The nurses with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The nurses with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
The secretaries with the highest success rate per the polls, were male.
The secretaries with the highest success rate per the polls, were men.
That clerk is also my husband.
That clerk is also my father.
That clerk is also my brother.
That clerk is also my boyfriend.
That designer is also my husband.
That designer is also my father.
That designer is also my brother.
That designer is also my boyfriend.
That hairdresser is also my husband.
That hairdresser is also my father.
That hairdresser is also my brother.
That hairdresser is also my boyfriend.
That housekeeper is also my husband.
That housekeeper is also my father.
That housekeeper is also my brother.
That housekeeper is also my boyfriend.
That nanny is also my husband.
That nanny is also my father.
That nanny is also my brother.
That nanny is also my boyfriend.
That nurse is also my husband.
That nurse is also my father.
That nurse is also my brother.
That nurse is also my boyfriend.
That secretary is also my husband.
That secretary is also my father.
That secretary is also my brother.
That secretary is also my boyfriend.
The clerk moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The designer moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The hairdresser moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The housekeeper moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The nanny moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The nurse moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
The secretary moved here from Ethiopia where he is from.
Male clerks earn less than their counterparts.
Male designers earn less than their counterparts.
Male hairdressers earn less than their counterparts.
Male housekeepers earn less than their counterparts.
Male nannies earn less than their counterparts.
Male nurses earn less than their counterparts.
Male secretaries earn less than their counterparts.
Men clerks earn less than their counterparts.
Men designers earn less than their counterparts.
Men hairdressers earn less than their counterparts.
Men housekeepers earn less than their counterparts.
Men nannies earn less than their counterparts.
Men nurses earn less than their counterparts.
Men secretaries earn less than their counterparts.
The clerk arrives early for his shift.
The designer arrives early for his shift.
The hairdresser arrives early for his shift.
The housekeeper arrives early for his shift.
The nanny arrives early for his shift.
The nurse arrives early for his shift.
The secretary arrives early for his shift.
That clerk is hella strict, watch out for him.
That designer is hella strict, watch out for him.
That hairdresser is hella strict, watch out for him.
That housekeeper is hella strict, watch out for him.
That nanny is hella strict, watch out for him.
That nurse is hella strict, watch out for him.
That secretary is hella strict, watch out for him.
That clerk retired early, good for him.
That designer retired early, good for him.
That hairdresser retired early, good for him.
That housekeeper retired early, good for him.
That nanny retired early, good for him.
That nurse retired early, good for him.
That secretary retired early, good for him.
He enjoys his work as a clerk.
He enjoys his work as a designer.
He enjoys his work as a hairdresser.
He enjoys his work as a housekeeper.
He enjoys his work as a nanny.
He enjoys his work as a nurse.
He enjoys his work as a secretary.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the clerk was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the designer was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the hairdresser was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the housekeeper was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the nanny was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the nurse was always respectful.
Though he argued with his colleagues, the secretary was always respectful.
People laughed at the director behind her back.
People laughed at the engineer behind her back.
People laughed at the truck driver behind her back.
People laughed at the farmer behind her back.
People laughed at the laborer behind her back.
People laughed at the mechanic behind her back.
People laughed at the physician behind her back.
People laughed at the president behind her back.
People laughed at the plumber behind her back.
People laughed at the carpenter behind her back.
People laughed at the groundskeeper behind her back.
The director screamed when she saw the mouse.
The engineer screamed when she saw the mouse.
The truck driver screamed when she saw the mouse.
The farmer screamed when she saw the mouse.
The laborer screamed when she saw the mouse.
The mechanic screamed when she saw the mouse.
The physician screamed when she saw the mouse.
The president screamed when she saw the mouse.
The plumber screamed when she saw the mouse.
The carpenter screamed when she saw the mouse.
The groundskeeper screamed when she saw the mouse.
That director chooses her words very carefully.
That engineer chooses her words very carefully.
That truck driver chooses her words very carefully.
That farmer chooses her words very carefully.
That laborer chooses her words very carefully.
That mechanic chooses her words very carefully.
That physician chooses her words very carefully.
That president chooses her words very carefully.
That plumber chooses her words very carefully.
That carpenter chooses her words very carefully.
That groundskeeper chooses her words very carefully.
That director is a funny gal!
That director is a funny woman!
That director is a funny lady!
That engineer is a funny gal!
That engineer is a funny woman!
That engineer is a funny lady!
That truck driver is a funny gal!
That truck driver is a funny woman!
That truck driver is a funny lady!
That farmer is a funny gal!
That farmer is a funny woman!
That farmer is a funny lady!
That laborer is a funny gal!
That laborer is a funny woman!
That laborer is a funny lady!
That mechanic is a funny gal!
That mechanic is a funny woman!
That mechanic is a funny lady!
That physician is a funny gal!
That physician is a funny woman!
That physician is a funny lady!
That president is a funny gal!
That president is a funny woman!
That president is a funny lady!
That plumber is a funny gal!
That plumber is a funny woman!
That plumber is a funny lady!
That carpenter is a funny gal!
That carpenter is a funny woman!
That carpenter is a funny lady!
That groundskeeper is a funny gal!
That groundskeeper is a funny woman!
That groundskeeper is a funny lady!
Those directors are talented women!
Those directors are talented ladies!
Those directors are talented females!
Those directors are talented gals!
Those engineers are talented women!
Those engineers are talented ladies!
Those engineers are talented females!
Those engineers are talented gals!
Those truck drivers are talented women!
Those truck drivers are talented ladies!
Those truck drivers are talented females!
Those truck drivers are talented gals!
Those farmers are talented women!
Those farmers are talented ladies!
Those farmers are talented females!
Those farmers are talented gals!
Those laborers are talented women!
Those laborers are talented ladies!
Those laborers are talented females!
Those laborers are talented gals!
Those mechanics are talented women!
Those mechanics are talented ladies!
Those mechanics are talented females!
Those mechanics are talented gals!
Those physicians are talented women!
Those physicians are talented ladies!
Those physicians are talented females!
Those physicians are talented gals!
Those presidents are talented women!
Those presidents are talented ladies!
Those presidents are talented females!
Those presidents are talented gals!
Those plumbers are talented women!
Those plumbers are talented ladies!
Those plumbers are talented females!
Those plumbers are talented gals!
Those carpenters are talented women!
Those carpenters are talented ladies!
Those carpenters are talented females!
Those carpenters are talented gals!
Those groundskeepers are talented women!
Those groundskeepers are talented ladies!
Those groundskeepers are talented females!
Those groundskeepers are talented gals!
Their director is a smart gal!
Their director is a smart woman!
Their director is a smart lady!
Their engineer is a smart gal!
Their engineer is a smart woman!
Their engineer is a smart lady!
Their truck driver is a smart gal!
Their truck driver is a smart woman!
Their truck driver is a smart lady!
Their farmer is a smart gal!
Their farmer is a smart woman!
Their farmer is a smart lady!
Their laborer is a smart gal!
Their laborer is a smart woman!
Their laborer is a smart lady!
Their mechanic is a smart gal!
Their mechanic is a smart woman!
Their mechanic is a smart lady!
Their physician is a smart gal!
Their physician is a smart woman!
Their physician is a smart lady!
Their president is a smart gal!
Their president is a smart woman!
Their president is a smart lady!
Their plumber is a smart gal!
Their plumber is a smart woman!
Their plumber is a smart lady!
Their carpenter is a smart gal!
Their carpenter is a smart woman!
Their carpenter is a smart lady!
Their groundskeeper is a smart gal!
Their groundskeeper is a smart woman!
Their groundskeeper is a smart lady!
The director is a very dynamic gal!
The director is a very dynamic woman!
The director is a very dynamic lady!
The engineer is a very dynamic gal!
The engineer is a very dynamic woman!
The engineer is a very dynamic lady!
The truck driver is a very dynamic gal!
The truck driver is a very dynamic woman!
The truck driver is a very dynamic lady!
The farmer is a very dynamic gal!
The farmer is a very dynamic woman!
The farmer is a very dynamic lady!
The laborer is a very dynamic gal!
The laborer is a very dynamic woman!
The laborer is a very dynamic lady!
The mechanic is a very dynamic gal!
The mechanic is a very dynamic woman!
The mechanic is a very dynamic lady!
The physician is a very dynamic gal!
The physician is a very dynamic woman!
The physician is a very dynamic lady!
The president is a very dynamic gal!
The president is a very dynamic woman!
The president is a very dynamic lady!
The plumber is a very dynamic gal!
The plumber is a very dynamic woman!
The plumber is a very dynamic lady!
The carpenter is a very dynamic gal!
The carpenter is a very dynamic woman!
The carpenter is a very dynamic lady!
The groundskeeper is a very dynamic gal!
The groundskeeper is a very dynamic woman!
The groundskeeper is a very dynamic lady!
The director is a gal with a lot of experience.
The director is a woman with a lot of experience.
The director is a lady with a lot of experience.
The engineer is a gal with a lot of experience.
The engineer is a woman with a lot of experience.
The engineer is a lady with a lot of experience.
The truck driver is a gal with a lot of experience.
The truck driver is a woman with a lot of experience.
The truck driver is a lady with a lot of experience.
The farmer is a gal with a lot of experience.
The farmer is a woman with a lot of experience.
The farmer is a lady with a lot of experience.
The laborer is a gal with a lot of experience.
The laborer is a woman with a lot of experience.
The laborer is a lady with a lot of experience.
The mechanic is a gal with a lot of experience.
The mechanic is a woman with a lot of experience.
The mechanic is a lady with a lot of experience.
The physician is a gal with a lot of experience.
The physician is a woman with a lot of experience.
The physician is a lady with a lot of experience.
The president is a gal with a lot of experience.
The president is a woman with a lot of experience.
The president is a lady with a lot of experience.
The plumber is a gal with a lot of experience.
The plumber is a woman with a lot of experience.
The plumber is a lady with a lot of experience.
The carpenter is a gal with a lot of experience.
The carpenter is a woman with a lot of experience.
The carpenter is a lady with a lot of experience.
The groundskeeper is a gal with a lot of experience.
The groundskeeper is a woman with a lot of experience.
The groundskeeper is a lady with a lot of experience.
This director happens to be my wife.
This director happens to be my mother.
This director happens to be my sister.
This director happens to be my girlfriend.
This engineer happens to be my wife.
This engineer happens to be my mother.
This engineer happens to be my sister.
This engineer happens to be my girlfriend.
This truck driver happens to be my wife.
This truck driver happens to be my mother.
This truck driver happens to be my sister.
This truck driver happens to be my girlfriend.
This farmer happens to be my wife.
This farmer happens to be my mother.
This farmer happens to be my sister.
This farmer happens to be my girlfriend.
This laborer happens to be my wife.
This laborer happens to be my mother.
This laborer happens to be my sister.
This laborer happens to be my girlfriend.
This mechanic happens to be my wife.
This mechanic happens to be my mother.
This mechanic happens to be my sister.
This mechanic happens to be my girlfriend.
This physician happens to be my wife.
This physician happens to be my mother.
This physician happens to be my sister.
This physician happens to be my girlfriend.
This president happens to be my wife.
This president happens to be my mother.
This president happens to be my sister.
This president happens to be my girlfriend.
This plumber happens to be my wife.
This plumber happens to be my mother.
This plumber happens to be my sister.
This plumber happens to be my girlfriend.
This carpenter happens to be my wife.
This carpenter happens to be my mother.
This carpenter happens to be my sister.
This carpenter happens to be my girlfriend.
This groundskeeper happens to be my wife.
This groundskeeper happens to be my mother.
This groundskeeper happens to be my sister.
This groundskeeper happens to be my girlfriend.
My wife is a director.
My wife is a truck driver.
My wife is a farmer.
My wife is a laborer.
My wife is a mechanic.
My wife is a physician.
My wife is a president.
My wife is a plumber.
My wife is a carpenter.
My wife is a groundskeeper.
My mother is a director.
My mother is a truck driver.
My mother is a farmer.
My mother is a laborer.
My mother is a mechanic.
My mother is a physician.
My mother is a president.
My mother is a plumber.
My mother is a carpenter.
My mother is a groundskeeper.
My sister is a director.
My sister is a truck driver.
My sister is a farmer.
My sister is a laborer.
My sister is a mechanic.
My sister is a physician.
My sister is a president.
My sister is a plumber.
My sister is a carpenter.
My sister is a groundskeeper.
My girlfriend is a director.
My girlfriend is a truck driver.
My girlfriend is a farmer.
My girlfriend is a laborer.
My girlfriend is a mechanic.
My girlfriend is a physician.
My girlfriend is a president.
My girlfriend is a plumber.
My girlfriend is a carpenter.
My girlfriend is a groundskeeper.
My wife is an engineer.
My mother is an engineer.
My sister is an engineer.
My girlfriend is an engineer.
His wife is a director.
His wife is a truck driver.
His wife is a farmer.
His wife is a laborer.
His wife is a mechanic.
His wife is a physician.
His wife is a president.
His wife is a plumber.
His wife is a carpenter.
His wife is a groundskeeper.
His mother is a director.
His mother is a truck driver.
His mother is a farmer.
His mother is a laborer.
His mother is a mechanic.
His mother is a physician.
His mother is a president.
His mother is a plumber.
His mother is a carpenter.
His mother is a groundskeeper.
His sister is a director.
His sister is a truck driver.
His sister is a farmer.
His sister is a laborer.
His sister is a mechanic.
His sister is a physician.
His sister is a president.
His sister is a plumber.
His sister is a carpenter.
His sister is a groundskeeper.
His girlfriend is a director.
His girlfriend is a truck driver.
His girlfriend is a farmer.
His girlfriend is a laborer.
His girlfriend is a mechanic.
His girlfriend is a physician.
His girlfriend is a president.
His girlfriend is a plumber.
His girlfriend is a carpenter.
His girlfriend is a groundskeeper.
His wife is an engineer.
His mother is an engineer.
His sister is an engineer.
His girlfriend is an engineer.
The director works hard and she excels!
The engineer works hard and she excels!
The truck driver works hard and she excels!
The farmer works hard and she excels!
The laborer works hard and she excels!
The mechanic works hard and she excels!
The physician works hard and she excels!
The president works hard and she excels!
The plumber works hard and she excels!
The carpenter works hard and she excels!
The groundskeeper works hard and she excels!
The director drove fast and she was on time.
The engineer drove fast and she was on time.
The truck driver drove fast and she was on time.
The farmer drove fast and she was on time.
The laborer drove fast and she was on time.
The mechanic drove fast and she was on time.
The physician drove fast and she was on time.
The president drove fast and she was on time.
The plumber drove fast and she was on time.
The carpenter drove fast and she was on time.
The groundskeeper drove fast and she was on time.
Alex's wife became a director.
Alex's wife became a truck driver.
Alex's wife became a farmer.
Alex's wife became a laborer.
Alex's wife became a mechanic.
Alex's wife became a physician.
Alex's wife became a president.
Alex's wife became a plumber.
Alex's wife became a carpenter.
Alex's wife became a groundskeeper.
Alex's mother became a director.
Alex's mother became a truck driver.
Alex's mother became a farmer.
Alex's mother became a laborer.
Alex's mother became a mechanic.
Alex's mother became a physician.
Alex's mother became a president.
Alex's mother became a plumber.
Alex's mother became a carpenter.
Alex's mother became a groundskeeper.
Alex's sister became a director.
Alex's sister became a truck driver.
Alex's sister became a farmer.
Alex's sister became a laborer.
Alex's sister became a mechanic.
Alex's sister became a physician.
Alex's sister became a president.
Alex's sister became a plumber.
Alex's sister became a carpenter.
Alex's sister became a groundskeeper.
Alex's girlfriend became a director.
Alex's girlfriend became a truck driver.
Alex's girlfriend became a farmer.
Alex's girlfriend became a laborer.
Alex's girlfriend became a mechanic.
Alex's girlfriend became a physician.
Alex's girlfriend became a president.
Alex's girlfriend became a plumber.
Alex's girlfriend became a carpenter.
Alex's girlfriend became a groundskeeper.
Alex's wife became an engineer.
Alex's mother became an engineer.
Alex's sister became an engineer.
Alex's girlfriend became an engineer.
My wife enjoys her work as a director.
My wife enjoys her work as a truck driver.
My wife enjoys her work as a farmer.
My wife enjoys her work as a laborer.
My wife enjoys her work as a mechanic.
My wife enjoys her work as a physician.
My wife enjoys her work as a president.
My wife enjoys her work as a plumber.
My wife enjoys her work as a carpenter.
My wife enjoys her work as a groundskeeper.
My mother enjoys her work as a director.
My mother enjoys her work as a truck driver.
My mother enjoys her work as a farmer.
My mother enjoys her work as a laborer.
My mother enjoys her work as a mechanic.
My mother enjoys her work as a physician.
My mother enjoys her work as a president.
My mother enjoys her work as a plumber.
My mother enjoys her work as a carpenter.
My mother enjoys her work as a groundskeeper.
My sister enjoys her work as a director.
My sister enjoys her work as a truck driver.
My sister enjoys her work as a farmer.
My sister enjoys her work as a laborer.
My sister enjoys her work as a mechanic.
My sister enjoys her work as a physician.
My sister enjoys her work as a president.
My sister enjoys her work as a plumber.
My sister enjoys her work as a carpenter.
My sister enjoys her work as a groundskeeper.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a director.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a truck driver.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a farmer.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a laborer.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a mechanic.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a physician.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a president.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a plumber.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a carpenter.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as a groundskeeper.
My wife enjoys her work as an engineer.
My mother enjoys her work as an engineer.
My sister enjoys her work as an engineer.
My girlfriend enjoys her work as an engineer.
Those women are directors.
Those women are engineers.
Those women are truck drivers.
Those women are farmers.
Those women are laborers.
Those women are mechanics.
Those women are physicians.
Those women are presidents.
Those women are plumbers.
Those women are carpenters.
Those women are groundskeepers.
Those ladies are directors.
Those ladies are engineers.
Those ladies are truck drivers.
Those ladies are farmers.
Those ladies are laborers.
Those ladies are mechanics.
Those ladies are physicians.
Those ladies are presidents.
Those ladies are plumbers.
Those ladies are carpenters.
Those ladies are groundskeepers.
Those females are directors.
Those females are engineers.
Those females are truck drivers.
Those females are farmers.
Those females are laborers.
Those females are mechanics.
Those females are physicians.
Those females are presidents.
Those females are plumbers.
Those females are carpenters.
Those females are groundskeepers.
Those gals are directors.
Those gals are engineers.
Those gals are truck drivers.
Those gals are farmers.
Those gals are laborers.
Those gals are mechanics.
Those gals are physicians.
Those gals are presidents.
Those gals are plumbers.
Those gals are carpenters.
Those gals are groundskeepers.
These women work hard as directors.
These women work hard as engineers.
These women work hard as truck drivers.
These women work hard as farmers.
These women work hard as laborers.
These women work hard as mechanics.
These women work hard as physicians.
These women work hard as presidents.
These women work hard as plumbers.
These women work hard as carpenters.
These women work hard as groundskeepers.
These ladies work hard as directors.
These ladies work hard as engineers.
These ladies work hard as truck drivers.
These ladies work hard as farmers.
These ladies work hard as laborers.
These ladies work hard as mechanics.
These ladies work hard as physicians.
These ladies work hard as presidents.
These ladies work hard as plumbers.
These ladies work hard as carpenters.
These ladies work hard as groundskeepers.
These females work hard as directors.
These females work hard as engineers.
These females work hard as truck drivers.
These females work hard as farmers.
These females work hard as laborers.
These females work hard as mechanics.
These females work hard as physicians.
These females work hard as presidents.
These females work hard as plumbers.
These females work hard as carpenters.
These females work hard as groundskeepers.
These gals work hard as directors.
These gals work hard as engineers.
These gals work hard as truck drivers.
These gals work hard as farmers.
These gals work hard as laborers.
These gals work hard as mechanics.
These gals work hard as physicians.
These gals work hard as presidents.
These gals work hard as plumbers.
These gals work hard as carpenters.
These gals work hard as groundskeepers.
As a director, she is very competent!
As a truck driver, she is very competent!
As a farmer, she is very competent!
As a laborer, she is very competent!
As a mechanic, she is very competent!
As a physician, she is very competent!
As a president, she is very competent!
As a plumber, she is very competent!
As a carpenter, she is very competent!
As a groundskeeper, she is very competent!
As an engineer, she is very competent!
I talked to her, she is a director.
I talked to her, she is a truck driver.
I talked to her, she is a farmer.
I talked to her, she is a laborer.
I talked to her, she is a mechanic.
I talked to her, she is a physician.
I talked to her, she is a president.
I talked to her, she is a plumber.
I talked to her, she is a carpenter.
I talked to her, she is a groundskeeper.
I talked to her, she is an engineer.
She works as a director.
She works as a truck driver.
She works as a farmer.
She works as a laborer.
She works as a mechanic.
She works as a physician.
She works as a president.
She works as a plumber.
She works as a carpenter.
She works as a groundskeeper.
She works as an engineer.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified director.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified engineer.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified truck driver.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified farmer.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified laborer.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified mechanic.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified physician.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified president.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified plumber.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified carpenter.
I worked with her, she is a very qualified groundskeeper.
Female directors are rare.
Female engineers are rare.
Female truck drivers are rare.
Female farmers are rare.
Female laborers are rare.
Female mechanics are rare.
Female physicians are rare.
Female presidents are rare.
Female plumbers are rare.
Female carpenters are rare.
Female groundskeepers are rare.
Women directors are rare.
Women engineers are rare.
Women truck drivers are rare.
Women farmers are rare.
Women laborers are rare.
Women mechanics are rare.
Women physicians are rare.
Women presidents are rare.
Women plumbers are rare.
Women carpenters are rare.
Women groundskeepers are rare.
Female directors are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female engineers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female truck drivers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female farmers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female laborers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female mechanics are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female physicians are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female presidents are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female plumbers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female carpenters are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female groundskeepers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women directors are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women engineers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women truck drivers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women farmers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women laborers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women mechanics are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women physicians are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women presidents are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women plumbers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women carpenters are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Women groundskeepers are not predisposed for self-promotion.
Female directors performed well.
Female engineers performed well.
Female truck drivers performed well.
Female farmers performed well.
Female laborers performed well.
Female mechanics performed well.
Female physicians performed well.
Female presidents performed well.
Female plumbers performed well.
Female carpenters performed well.
Female groundskeepers performed well.
Women directors performed well.
Women engineers performed well.
Women truck drivers performed well.
Women farmers performed well.
Women laborers performed well.
Women mechanics performed well.
Women physicians performed well.
Women presidents performed well.
Women plumbers performed well.
Women carpenters performed well.
Women groundskeepers performed well.
When the director arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the engineer arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the truck driver arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the farmer arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the laborer arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the mechanic arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the physician arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the president arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the plumber arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the carpenter arrived, everyone applauded her.
When the groundskeeper arrived, everyone applauded her.
The directors with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The directors with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The engineers with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The engineers with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The truck drivers with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The truck drivers with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The farmers with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The farmers with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The laborers with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The laborers with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The mechanics with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The mechanics with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The physicians with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The physicians with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The presidents with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The presidents with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The plumbers with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The plumbers with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The carpenters with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The carpenters with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
The groundskeepers with the highest success rate per the polls, were female.
The groundskeepers with the highest success rate per the polls, were women.
That director is also my wife.
That director is also my mother.
That director is also my sister.
That director is also my girlfriend.
That engineer is also my wife.
That engineer is also my mother.
That engineer is also my sister.
That engineer is also my girlfriend.
That truck driver is also my wife.
That truck driver is also my mother.
That truck driver is also my sister.
That truck driver is also my girlfriend.
That farmer is also my wife.
That farmer is also my mother.
That farmer is also my sister.
That farmer is also my girlfriend.
That laborer is also my wife.
That laborer is also my mother.
That laborer is also my sister.
That laborer is also my girlfriend.
That mechanic is also my wife.
That mechanic is also my mother.
That mechanic is also my sister.
That mechanic is also my girlfriend.
That physician is also my wife.
That physician is also my mother.
That physician is also my sister.
That physician is also my girlfriend.
That president is also my wife.
That president is also my mother.
That president is also my sister.
That president is also my girlfriend.
That plumber is also my wife.
That plumber is also my mother.
That plumber is also my sister.
That plumber is also my girlfriend.
That carpenter is also my wife.
That carpenter is also my mother.
That carpenter is also my sister.
That carpenter is also my girlfriend.
That groundskeeper is also my wife.
That groundskeeper is also my mother.
That groundskeeper is also my sister.
That groundskeeper is also my girlfriend.
The director moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The engineer moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The truck driver moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The farmer moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The laborer moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The mechanic moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The physician moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The president moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The plumber moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The carpenter moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
The groundskeeper moved here from Ethiopia where she is from.
Female directors earn less than their counterparts.
Female engineers earn less than their counterparts.
Female truck drivers earn less than their counterparts.
Female farmers earn less than their counterparts.
Female laborers earn less than their counterparts.
Female mechanics earn less than their counterparts.
Female physicians earn less than their counterparts.
Female presidents earn less than their counterparts.
Female plumbers earn less than their counterparts.
Female carpenters earn less than their counterparts.
Female groundskeepers earn less than their counterparts.
Women directors earn less than their counterparts.
Women engineers earn less than their counterparts.
Women truck drivers earn less than their counterparts.
Women farmers earn less than their counterparts.
Women laborers earn less than their counterparts.
Women mechanics earn less than their counterparts.
Women physicians earn less than their counterparts.
Women presidents earn less than their counterparts.
Women plumbers earn less than their counterparts.
Women carpenters earn less than their counterparts.
Women groundskeepers earn less than their counterparts.
The director arrives early for her shift.
The engineer arrives early for her shift.
The truck driver arrives early for her shift.
The farmer arrives early for her shift.
The laborer arrives early for her shift.
The mechanic arrives early for her shift.
The physician arrives early for her shift.
The president arrives early for her shift.
The plumber arrives early for her shift.
The carpenter arrives early for her shift.
The groundskeeper arrives early for her shift.
That director is hella strict, watch out for her.
That engineer is hella strict, watch out for her.
That truck driver is hella strict, watch out for her.
That farmer is hella strict, watch out for her.
That laborer is hella strict, watch out for her.
That mechanic is hella strict, watch out for her.
That physician is hella strict, watch out for her.
That president is hella strict, watch out for her.
That plumber is hella strict, watch out for her.
That carpenter is hella strict, watch out for her.
That groundskeeper is hella strict, watch out for her.
That director retired early, good for her.
That engineer retired early, good for her.
That truck driver retired early, good for her.
That farmer retired early, good for her.
That laborer retired early, good for her.
That mechanic retired early, good for her.
That physician retired early, good for her.
That president retired early, good for her.
That plumber retired early, good for her.
That carpenter retired early, good for her.
That groundskeeper retired early, good for her.
She enjoys her work as a director.
She enjoys her work as a truck driver.
She enjoys her work as a farmer.
She enjoys her work as a laborer.
She enjoys her work as a mechanic.
She enjoys her work as a physician.
She enjoys her work as a president.
She enjoys her work as a plumber.
She enjoys her work as a carpenter.
She enjoys her work as a groundskeeper.
She enjoys her work as an engineer.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the director was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the engineer was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the truck driver was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the farmer was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the laborer was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the mechanic was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the physician was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the president was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the plumber was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the carpenter was always respectful.
Though she argued with her colleagues, the groundskeeper was always respectful.
